I think we should go here down there and
then split up and go there and there i
think the battle will be over by the
time we reach there i think i think this
is no is it's our time to pay so i think
i think if they were smart with this day
could just wash cap with their tanks and
they would win by cab before we hash
this yep they probably won't do it tell
them goddammit wait until if you want to
win your cat or die shoot the horrific
cap or not man this thing is such a
beauty the majestic animal it is pretty
what depends who's looking at it if
enemies looking at it they're like to
the kids you know super pretty don't
likely to like the look of it looks a
bit retarded though like serious early
years they made like 40 or 50 often miss
well it's not like it was just a wall on
accident angles they have Kate long I've
all just dying and you kills all the
leftovers it's fine yeah we should have
killed it we should have killed him yeah
once have fun on jingles do you know I'm
sure having fought camouflage on my talk
I'm sure it's slowed me down you know it
definitely feels slow the width of the
pins yeah well the tongue is so big that
the gobbler digs like but 500 kilos hey
is this half a ton of the police perfect
bone ah sickly light in the morning oh
yeah yes the fun thing is done with you
you're already two minutes late and we
still haven't reached the bell okay lets
us go left here you may catch the next
bed like this so soon okay to them a
good perhaps and
oh oh my god oh free jolla it's all oh
no the camping with three people yeah
but if they win like this they'll get a
victory of nothing basically yeah
they'll get like 10 XP the t1 get in
there and reset possibly there we go i
go on yes you missed me because we're t
say up somebody need to spot them I mean
whatever you got there hello I hit the
rocky want us on the right I don't el
cajon they're very subtle the Hellcats
need to reset all right right here I'm
critical hitting the TK all the fucking
time there we go when I hit the hell cut
on the left
all right oh sorry mercy no problem
folks I have enough HP well I did my
reset and job talk to you boys now which
one is the fashion and there was here
he'll cut have had you been reset yet
think it's the one on one or three I
don't know all-county carnage though he
can place it didn't brush quick enough
oh they're gonna get be kidding
themselves if we had already cabbage
yeah they have time oh we actually
murdered them absolutely obliterated
them they were like they'll never be
here in tight and then the shell started
flying so what's this big tube on the
front of my turret for decoration play
on petrol in the end it is like your
nose you know they take oxygen for the
crew that bite it's like it's like my
snorkel yeah yeah when it's submerged in
its natural state that's how the crew
breeds